Modify rule S2293: Update in line with LayC (SONARJAVA-4495) (#2823)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2293/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Java uses angular brackets (`<` and `>`) to provide a specific type (the "type argument") to a generic type.
For instance, `List` is a generic type, so a list containing strings can be declared with `List<String>`.

> Prior to Java 7, the type argument had to be provided explicitly everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Java 7, the type argument had to be provided explicitly for every occurrence where generics were used.
```
